jiujiang goes left punt the score relate
back to 22 here we go how cold on I got
to when James can try on both sides is
beyond me Oh Julie okay
so lifelike oh oh my god oh great shot
whoa oh he is he is coming with the fury
oh my god wait is it my planner it's his
match point see if you see it says 40 or
or Connors put your ass but I don't
think that's always the case I shouldn't
is always the case yeah no one that
shows once I on the other side was a
winner Oh how's that Talia me out i
shall let it go good instead he lied
he's to you and things up you like a
right past oh no shut up i did not i
didn't see a one swing into the balls
way after him
I'll be the first to throw it out there
I think this might be staged this is not
saved Joey I'm being totally fair see
you looking if I wasn't being fair would
that have been in yes but instead
anything totally fair okay great Johnny
you're such a liar
oh my god that that wasn't I'm not sure
which hand this was going to well why
was interesting
Oh
just like real life it's totally like
real life I beko enter all the time so
I'm going to have to come over for
rematch no I like it this way that way I
always win